now that we understand the intricacies
that go into solving the mystery of the
walrus we're ready to finally build a
list so the difference between a list in
an array is that a list is going to be
able to grow arbitrarily large unlike a
Java array which is of a fixed size so
we're gonna build this totally from
scratch and for reasons it won't be
clear right now our list is going to
have two variables the first is going to
be an integer call first and the second
will be a pointer or an address of
another int list and our list ultimately
is going to be used for storing only
integers for simplicity so let's start
off this class so our class is called
int list and as promised we're going to
have public and first and then public
int list rest okay
now if you came from 61a you roughly
know where this is going otherwise maybe
a little mysterious so it turns out that
we've actually already implemented a
list we're done what how can that be
well let's try it out I'm gonna make an
INT list called f okay so int list L we
can say new int list and then gets the L
dot first equals 5 l dot rest equals
null and that would be a list that
contains the number 5 I could then say
actually no what no I think l dot R s is
going to be a new int list and then l
dot rest dot first is gonna be 10 and so
forth now this is a little awkward of
course to use but let's keep going so I
could say L dot rest dot rest
equals new int list l dot rest that rest
up first equals 15 and at this point we
well can't really see what's going on so
I'm gonna take this code and I'm gonna
copy it into our good old Java
visualizer so we can understand what's
going on so if it visualize the
execution of this class after I create
this first list scroll for it after
these three lines of code are done I
have L an int list which has a value
called first five and
No so if I run these next two lines of
code which all scam forward to so these
two lines of code are done l dot rest is
now a new int list which has first ten
and rational okay well at this point if
we tried to imagine how would I add a
third value to the list we could say L
dot rest dot rest and in that case we'd
be talking about this box right here all
that rest that rest equals new int list
so after I say L that rest that rest
equals new in list
what do you suppose happens okay so I'll
just skim for just a little bit we end
up getting an int list which has the
default values of all zeros and at that
point we could say okay know what l dot
rest dot rest dot first is 15 in that
case we are telling Java we'd like to
set this box this memory box here its
bits equal to 15 so what we've done now
is built a list now of course it's a
little awkward to use right I mean like
who wants to write code that looks like
this so we could make things slightly
better by working a little bit backwards
so first I'm gonna create a constructor
where I'm gonna say public int list int
F int list H I'm sorry are well and then
I'm gonna say F equals first breast
equals R oops wrong way around and then
what I'm gonna do is I'm actually going
to build my list the other way around
okay so let's try that out it lists L
equals new int list I'm gonna say 15
null and I'm gonna say L equals new int
list 10 L and I'm gonna say L equals new
int list 5 L so this is also kind of
awkward code but it's a little more
concise so let's try running this and
seeing what happens okay any syntax
errors nope good okay so we say int list
L equals new int list that's saying I
want a new int list that has 15 at the
front whereas the first value and
nothing is the rest so after running
that I end up with this
now many say you know what actually you
know what I want L to be I want L to be
a list which has ten at the front and
has my old list of the back some other
words this should be ten here and then
this list after ten so after running
this code sure enough we get this right
so L is no longer this original list it
is now the new list we just built which
has ten at the front pointing at this
now when I say l equals new int list
five L and if you're not quite following
I urge you to pause the video and try
and read ahead and guess what I'm about
to do so what I'm saying is I want L not
to be what it currently is I want to
give you the address of a new list which
has five at the front and which points
at the old list that I've created so in
this case we create a new node so here's
the new list that we're gonna point L at
we put the value five in and then you
say you know what I want rest to be
equal to R what's our R is just going to
be the address that was passed in the
constructor which is the old list so at
that point rest points it this int list
instance here right here the old list
and so once everything said and done we
end up with lists five ten fifty okay so
there was nothing new there that we
hadn't seen in the mystery of the walrus
though it can be a little bit hard to
wrap your brain around and if you didn't
quite get it you know watch again and
try and guess what I'm about to do